We are all done with our exploration service and it is now emitting the exploration complete event.
So we're now going to travel back in time, go back over to the oil service and make sure that we build
a listener to listen for this event.
As soon as the Order Service sees exploration complete, we're going to find the relevant order inside
the order's collection and market as cancelled.
We might have to do one or two other things related to canceling in order, but we'll discuss that in
due time.
When we cancel the order, we are probably also going to want to emit an order cancelled event from
the order service as well.
But right now, let's just focus on the order service and the listener for exploration complete.
Now to build out this listener, we first need to update our common module inside of the Order Service.
Remember, we update our module just a moment ago and add it in the expiration complete event, but
we never updated the version of that module inside of our order service.
So back at my terminal.
I'm going to change into orders and then update.
My comment module.
All right.
Very good.
Now go back over to my editor.
I'm going to find my orders directory.
I'll find listeners inside there, and we'll add in a brand new listener with the name of, you guessed
it, expiration.
Complete listener.
Yes.
Now.
We put together several listeners over time, but I don't know about you.
I just have a hard time of remembering how to put these things together.
Just remember, you can always rely on TypeScript.
The one thing at a minimum, we have to remember, we have to import listener.
From our common module.
We can then make our class of exploration complete.
Listener.
That will extend listener and then TypeScript is going to take it from there.
We've been over this many times, so let's just speed through the rest of this implementation.
We need to import our event to provide to the generic type.
We need to import our group name subjects.
We've got to get our message type and we've got to get I think that's it, actually.
So from listener.
Let's get the subject now.
And the expiration complete event.
We'll get our message type.
From node nets streaming.
And then what else.
I think that's.
Is that it?
I think I feel like I mentioned one other, but whatever.
Oh, the Q group name, naturally.
There we go.
From same directory.
Group name.
There we go.
Okay, so now on our listener, we'll stick in that type expiration complete event.
Throw in the Q group name.
Throw in a subject of subjects.
Exploration complete.
Subjects exploration complete.
And then finally on message work that as a sink.
Receive some data which will be of type expiration complete event at data.
And then get our message, which is subtype message.
There we go.
There's our listener.
Again, it's all the same stuff between all these different listeners.
I tried to factor all this code down to be the absolute minimum, and this is pretty much what I came
up with.
We could probably figure out a way to more easily generalize cue group name, but in general this is
pretty darn compact.
All right.
Anyways, back on topic.
So we've got this incoming data that describes some order or the attempt to say that an order should
be cancelled.
The first thing we have to do is take a look inside of our orders collection and find the relevant order.
So at the very top.
Let's import our order.
From up to directories.
Models order.
Then instead of on message, we can find our order.
So we'll do an await order.
Find by ID and remember this event right here has one single property.
It has the order ID property.
And if we ever forget that, naturally we can do a command click on expiration and complete event at
the top and we'll tell us.
Okay, here's the data property.
It has an order ID.
So that is the idea of the order that we want to find.
So inside of find by ID, we will reference data order ID.
Then as usual, TypeScript is not sure if this thing is actually defined or not, so we just have to
do a quick check.
Make sure that order is defined.
So if there's not an order.
Let's throw a new air and say border not found.
Then after that, we need to update this thing status.
To update the status, we're going to need that order status enum.
Remember, we had previously defined that inside of our common module and that was going to describe
all the possible statuses that an order can have.
So we will import order status from our common module.
Then right after the if statement we'll do an order set up.
Not that set.
There we go.
And I want to change the status to order status that cancelled.
And there might be one other thing we should do here as well.
Remember, the order is going to contain a reference directly to the ticket that it is reserving.
And so we need to kind of make a decision here and decide whether or not we want to clear out that reference.
So, in other words, whether we want to say ticket is something like NULL, does that make sense or
does it not?
Should we keep a reference to the order?
Well, that's something that we should probably discuss a little bit.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
I'm going to save this file.
That's why you're seeing my code jump all over the place so I can say this file.
We'll take a quick pause, and we're going to decide whether or not it makes sense to reset the ticket
property on this newly canceled order.
The quick pause right here, and we'll continue in just a moment.